gGui Release Version 1.1.0
##########################

Dear gGui users and colleagues,

I am excited to announce the release of gGui v1.1! 

gGui is a data-analysis package written atop the Glue Visualization Python library to visualize data from the GALEX Space Telescope data reduction pipeline, gPhoton.

Notable changes
---------------
Version 1.1.0 introduces the gGui Notepad as well as provides general improvements to the Target Manager and the startup process.

1. :ref:`ggui_notepad` is a collaborative space for researchers to write notes about a particular target; these notes are stored in the gGui Target Catalog, allowing the sharing of notes between collaborators.

2. The gGui startup procedure has been enhanced. For more information, see :ref:`ggui_launch`.
  
  * Users may now also load a new gGui Target Catalog at runtime by selecting "File" > "Load gGui Target Catalog"
  * The ``--target_list`` command line argument now supports multiple gGui Target Catalogs, space separated

3. :ref:`ggui_targ_man` has received a number of improvements:

  * Targets with the same name across multiple targets can be loaded and appropriately distinguished
  * Added an information button to display the current target's gGui Target Catalog, from which it originated

Version 1.1.0 also resolves the bug of consecutive targets with differing data products. Targets with differing data products will now render correctly.

gGui is hosted on PyPI. To update gGui, simply invoke pip:
``pip install ggui --upgrade``

Please report any bugs and feature requests to our `GitHub page <https://github.com/gphoton-tools/ggui/issues>`_:
https://github.com/gphoton-tools/ggui/issues

As always, thank you for supporting gGui!

--Duy Nguyen