gGui Release Version 1.2.0
##########################

Dear gGui users and colleagues,

I am excited to announce the release of gGui v1.2! 

gGui is a data-analysis package written atop the Glue Visualization Python library to visualize data from the GALEX Space Telescope's photon event archive, gPhoton.

Notable changes
---------------
Version 1.2.0 includes improvements to many features of gGui:

1. The :ref:`ggui_target_catalog` is now cross-platform! gGui will automatically convert specified paths into your OS environment. This allows users to read target catalogs written by collaborators on a different OS, without any changes necessary to the gGui target catalog.

2. A quick demo mode has been introduced to gGui. To quickly download sample data we've prepared on our GitHub page, simply select "Load gGui Sample Data" under the "gGui Help" menu.

3. Plot options will automatically change as you click on a data product. This change deprecates the focus tool.

4. :ref:`ggui_targ_man` now has configurable keyboard shortcuts! By default, the left and right arrows will advance targets for you! Users can configure these keyboard shortcuts in the :ref:`ggui_config`

5. gGui now supports high DPI desktops.

gGui is hosted on PyPI. To update gGui, simply invoke pip:
``pip install ggui --upgrade``

Please report any bugs and feature requests to our `GitHub page <https://github.com/gphoton-tools/ggui/issues>`_:
https://github.com/gphoton-tools/ggui/issues

As always, thank you for supporting gGui!

--Duy Nguyen